Your health habits help your body.
Today , I'll learn about the lower body exercises.
Our body basically has to be sturdy and strong. Everything builds a castle.
Sometimes, the part should be healthy. The part of the egg is the upper part in Syria .
When the lower body becomes poor as if it is healthy , the body naturally shakes.
My shoulders are also very sick.
In addition to that, strengthening the lower body is the most basic because of various aspects
Especially running and these are the fundamentals of every movement.
As you can see, the first thing I want to recommend is the first
Walk a lot
But more usually at least 4 hours walking time was the time that we can
Because it is best for you jog or run
If you have 30 minutes or more it gives up word spreads very greatly appreciated in mental health
The most basic month for training the lower body or for training the whole body
It is work.
There are two best underbody exercises you can buy in an indoor space.
The stance squats and lunges that you'll learn about it
Both sides
When'm your feet shoulder width away
Well then born in a body, and then finish the girae
After having the feeling that there is a koi , we open the door when we ride
As if behind as the next aneusineun yoreotge go sit your butt first,
You think you have a doctor.
Let's pretend that we do not, but let's try the lion.
And it's a good idea to have your arms down this way in the future
This state baldly that mwonyamyeon knees should be the end of the note is ahead
When you go
I will kneel so I will break the waist and stretch it like this.
Sitting as if you have a pebble.
I will not go too far on my knees or if my knees go back
Of course being as it is, because beyond the patch only
I will not go too far to protect the water itself .
You do this.
You can do this posture seven or five times at a time.
I 'll take a look at it three times in a row.
I saw one sitting Like
Yes. Return to sleep . Write your knees around yourself. 2
I stretched out, resting it at the waist gives itself all the way down to 90 degrees if possible
good
My
4 This way
Repeat 15 sets of three sets of information, and the lower body is very good.
In itself, not only this lower body, but also the heap itself is legal.
What makes the skirt look good busy giving a word line in this part
Lower body movement is the most basic and can catch the strength of all lower body movements
It's so important because it's exercise.
There are a few things about running a squirt, but this method is a reaction one
So let's take a look at the basic behavior of this
Please make it to the extent that you can do better then a little short
I would like you to run the rest of the basics and do it a few more times
Look at the pushpin. This time it took me a little bit to break it, but shoulder width
Draw as much as twice
Yes, I open my toe outside of Jeonbuk
And the very same inde manjilttae must reply to a self-luminous Gwangyang
It will open it.
4 If you have this state, get up in the wrong direction
It's not when you use your carol.
Because the unrighteous approach is a very important thing in our body.
Because when you get aging, the water is getting wider,
It's getting harder.
If you already have a leg, you can stand your legs and squats.
So that when the muscles and the buttocks are attached to the waist,
So that will be 2 So my only way for you is really my way
I sat down
While you may think your feet so your legs outward bestows This rest
Tighten your buttocks and make it like an achievement.
That's when I get my strength, so the force is on the furniture base .
Please put together the second month
Yeah , sitting on number three and picking things up.
Example 1 Down 1 2
If you do this in a new way, it will be a lot harder.
It's a very tough exercise, though it's a very round face now .
4 Then I went to the side of a foot and then squat,
I'll do it
There is a squat movement and in the main store
Take a pair , go to the side, take one foot and squat.
As the air alone back bath next to the property, then rejected this again
You
This is a behavior that is rich in these methods foe sucked patients legs
I will.
You squat.
Sit up and raise your leg.
4 off and back again
Divers continue to embrace four ways to do this, they are the bridge's animation
The way he sat down. He got up and sideways .
Wake up and sat back while standing doeguyo spent a full top up, huh legs
You can turn it out or kick me out.
But that will fit on one leg far more power to embrace holding balance control
It helps to strengthen it.
The year saw a squat applications in various lands this way three Intermediate Advanced
First, you should get the following hasiguyo enough to skirt the liver
I'll see you later on about Lunge.
He touches me first, right like Seoh .
Example 4 In that state, it goes down to the bottom.
Look down
If your knees go forward beyond the tip of your feet, let's go.
Your knees will be hurt immediately.
It's important not to go forward .
There's a fist in here and it's just black .
You can do this on the couch in that state, or you can try both sides.
Do not turn up the pelvis will also climb down from thy state Lancy
You
Examples subside hasiguyo up the city
Haeju is going grunge like this still say when change then this is well
See you.
Likewise , if this works well , push your hand forward
Shake hands together.
First place went down plunge control island here that only the more loosen each
Oh , this thigh is okay because I have time difference when I go up again.
We'll have power.
Let's try it.
4 In this state, for example , heavy objects such as Aion, bag, heavy
It's like a bag and you can hold it.
You have to hold the same ball and move like this 4
So far , I've learned about squat and lunge about lower body exercises.
I usually work on the lower body exercises on the 1st day.
So if you make the lower body strong, it will be with the blood circulation of our body.
It will be a chance to make your upper body strong.
Workout hard